Added `is individually transformed with` operator & Supported DT syntax to refer the current value. (#12252)
demisto/content: Packs/ExtFilter/ReleaseNotes/1_1_2.md

#### Scripts
##### ExtFilter

> - Added `is individually transformed with` operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `is individually transformed with` operator
```

> - Supported DT syntax to refer the current value. e.g. ${.name}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added DT syntax support to refer the current value, e.g. *${.name}*.
```
